---
title: Portfolio
layout: default
---
# Portfolio

*I consider all of my projects to be works in progress, whether I will ever
have the time to get back to them or not.*

## TapTools.net

TapTools.net is a website I wrote for my App development studio project back in high school.
It is written on an ASP.NET platform using C#. However, it does not
use a whole lot of backend code. In that, it does not demonstrate the power of
the ASP.NET platform very well, but it was fun playground for some
design ideas I had been toying with. Besides... at that point we really needed
a new website.

[view site](http://www.taptools.net)

One caveat: view the desktop version, not the mobile version. You'll thank me later.
I may get back to the mobile site's design at some point, just as a point of pride.

## CrowdSurf

*"CrowdSurf is the love child of StackOverflow and Yik Yak"*

-- That was one of the descriptions we gave for this Android app when our team
submitted it to the Fall 2014 HackNC hackathon. The app is a question-and-answer
service that functions like StackOverflow, but filtered to the user's location.
This allows users to find information about their current location or ask question in a highly specific manner.
We used an Azure RESTful API as a back end to our Android front end.  

[view on GitHub](https://github.com/brain-murphy/crowdsurf)

## Auto Pilot

Auto Pilot is an Android application that a few friends and I put together at
the HackPrinceton hackathon. Although the app's purpose is more comedic than
practical, it serves to automate boring text message conversations. By reading
the user's text message history and forming a probabilistic model of how the
user texts, the app automatically replies to selected contacts.

[view on GitHub](https://github.com/brain-murphy/autopilot)
